[documentation] update gpu.md (#630)
JuliaSmoothOptimizers/Krylov.jl: docs/src/gpu.md

# [GPU support](@id gpu)

> Krylov methods are well suited for GPU computations because they only require matrix-vector products ($u \leftarrow Av$, $u \leftarrow A^{H}w$) and vector operations ($\|v\|$, $u^H v$, $v \leftarrow \alpha u + \beta v$), which are easily parallelizable.

Author: ```suggestion
Krylov methods are well suited for GPU computations because they only require matrix-vector products ($u \leftarrow Av$, $u \leftarrow A^{H}w$) and vector operations ($\|v\|$, $u^H v$, $v \leftarrow \alpha u + \beta v$), which are highly parallelizable.
```

The implementations in Krylov.jl are generic so as to take advantage of the multiple dispatch and broadcast features of Julia.

> It allows the implementations to be specialized automatically by the compiler for both CPU and GPU usages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those allow the implementations to be specialized automatically by the compiler for both CPU and GPU.
```

Thus, Krylov.jl works with GPU backends that build on [GPUArrays.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/GPUArrays.jl), such as [CUDA.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/CUDA.jl), [AMDGPU.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/AMDGPU.jl), [oneAPI.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/oneAPI.jl) or [Metal.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/Metal.jl).

## Nvidia GPUs

> All solvers in Krylov.jl can be used with [CUDA.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/CUDA.jl) and allow computations with Nvidia GPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All solvers in Krylov.jl can be used with [CUDA.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/CUDA.jl) and allow computations on Nvidia GPUs.
```

> Problems stored in CPU format (`Matrix` and `Vector`) must first be converted to related GPU format (`CuMatrix` and `CuVector`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Problems stored in CPU format (`Matrix` and `Vector`) must first be converted to the related GPU format (`CuMatrix` and `CuVector`).
```

A_gpu = CuMatrix(A_cpu)
b_gpu = CuVector(b_cpu)

> # Solve a square and dense system on a Nivida GPU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Solve a square and dense system on an Nivida GPU
```

n = length(b_gpu)
T = eltype(b_gpu)
symmetric = hermitian = false
opM = LinearOperator(T, n, n, symmetric, hermitian, (y, x) -> ldiv_ilu0!(y, P, x))

# Solve an unsymmetric system with an incomplete LU preconditioner on GPU
x, stats = bicgstab(A_gpu, b_gpu, M=opM)
```

## AMD GPUs

> All solvers in Krylov.jl can be used with [AMDGPU.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/AMDGPU.jl) and allow computations with AMD GPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All solvers in Krylov.jl can be used with [AMDGPU.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/AMDGPU.jl) and allow computations on AMD GPUs.
```

> Problems stored in CPU format (`Matrix` and `Vector`) must first be converted to related GPU format (`ROCMatrix` and `ROCVector`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Problems stored in CPU format (`Matrix` and `Vector`) must first be converted to the related GPU format (`ROCMatrix` and `ROCVector`).
```

```julia
using Krylov, AMDGPU

# CPU Arrays
A_cpu = rand(ComplexF64, 20, 20)
A_cpu = A_cpu + A_cpu'
b_cpu = rand(ComplexF64, 20)

A_gpu = ROCMatrix(A_cpu)
b_gpu = ROCVector(b_cpu)

> # Solve a dense hermitian system on an AMD GPU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Solve a dense Hermitian system on an AMD GPU
```

x, stats = minres(A_gpu, b_gpu)
```

!!! info
    The library `rocSPARSE` is not interfaced yet in AMDGPU.jl and only dense linear systems are supported.

## Intel GPUs

> All solvers in Krylov.jl, except [`MINRES-QLP`](@ref minres_qlp), can be used with [oneAPI.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/oneAPI.jl) and allow computations with Intel GPUs.

Reviewer: What is the reason? Could you add a link to an issue?

Author: The `reflect!` function doesn't have a generic fallback in `GPUArrays.jl`.
I only added the function in the Julia language, CUDA.jl and AMDGPU.jl.

Reviewer: It would be great to open an issue about that and point to it here, so we understand what the blocker is.

Author: I will ask Julian if it's hard to add it in `GPUArrays.jl`.
https://github.com/JuliaGPU/AMDGPU.jl/pull/283

Author: I opened an issue (#632)

> All solvers in Krylov.jl, except [`MINRES-QLP`](@ref minres_qlp), can be used with [oneAPI.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/oneAPI.jl) and allow computations with Intel GPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All solvers in Krylov.jl, except [`MINRES-QLP`](@ref minres_qlp), can be used with [oneAPI.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/oneAPI.jl) and allow computations on Intel GPUs.
```

> Problems stored in CPU format (`Matrix` and `Vector`) must first be converted to related GPU format (`oneMatrix` and `oneVector`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Problems stored in CPU format (`Matrix` and `Vector`) must first be converted to the related GPU format (`oneMatrix` and `oneVector`).
```

```julia
using Krylov, oneAPI

T = Float32  # oneAPI.jl also works with ComplexF32
m = 20
n = 10

# CPU Arrays
A_cpu = rand(T, m, n)
b_cpu = rand(T, m)

# GPU Arrays
A_gpu = oneMatrix(A_cpu)
b_gpu = oneVector(b_cpu)

# Solve a dense least-squares problem on an Intel GPU
x, stats = lsqr(A_gpu, b_gpu)
```

!!! warning
    The library `oneMKL` is not interfaced yet in oneAPI.jl and all BLAS routines (dot, norm, mul!, etc.) dispatch to generic fallbacks.

## Apple M1 GPUs

> All solvers in Krylov.jl, except [`MINRES-QLP`](@ref minres_qlp), can be used with [Metal.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/Metal.jl) and allow computations with Apple M1 GPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All solvers in Krylov.jl, except [`MINRES-QLP`](@ref minres_qlp), can be used with [Metal.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/Metal.jl) and allow computations on Apple M1 GPUs.
```
```suggestion
All solvers in Krylov.jl, except [`MINRES-QLP`](@ref minres_qlp), can be used with [Metal.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/Metal.jl) and allow computations with Apple M1 GPUs.
```

> Problems stored in CPU format (`Matrix` and `Vector`) must first be converted to related GPU format (`MtlMatrix` and `MtlVector`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Problems stored in CPU format (`Matrix` and `Vector`) must first be converted to the related GPU format (`MtlMatrix` and `MtlVector`).
```
